Alrighty, so we're at our final step here,
Step Seven of updating our angular service
to call new URL on the Spring Boot app.
So let's swing into Visual Studio Code.
Let's move to the product service.
Expand my window here, so it just has a check point
we're in our product service.
And I had a little reminder here, a little to-do statement
saying, hey, come back and do this work.
(laughter)
So I'll remove all my little cute comments here for that
and I will remove the little to-do
because we're actually doing it now.
All right, so I need to build the URL
based on the category ID.
So remember that Spring Data REST
automatically exposes the endpoint
search find by category ID equals,
so I can use that as my search URL.
So I'll make use of the base URL for this REST API
and I'll simply add on the slash search and so on.
So I have this dot base URL and then slash search
slash find by category ID.
And then I have ID equals and then I'll simply use
the parameter that's passed into this method,
the category ID.
And that's it, so that's our search URL.
So now need to update line 21 here
so instead of using base URL
I need to make use of search URL.
And that's pretty much it.
So we've made the appropriate updates here
for our product service to call
the appropriate REST endpoint
that was set up by Spring Data REST.
Good job.
So now let's go ahead and run this application,
open up our new terminal window.
Make sure we move into our appropriate directory here.
And simply do an NG serve.
Let me just swing back over to my browser.
This my angular app running on port 4200.
Alrighty, so our app is up and running,
so we can test some of the menu links
over on the left hand side.
And success!
So we're able to display books and coffee mugs.
This is great, so we're only displaying products
for that given category ID.
Okay, this looks really good, I'm happy with this.
This works as desired. Good job.